add litellm model (#2356)
agno-agi/agno: cookbook/models/litellm/README.md

### 1. Create and activate a virtual environment

```shell
python3 -m venv ~/.venvs/aienv
source ~/.venvs/aienv/bin/activate
```

### 2. Export your `LITELLM_API_KEY`

> Whichever model you use- openai, huggingface, xai, the api key will be by the name of `LITELLM_API_KEY`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regardless of the model used—OpenAI, Hugging Face, or XAI—the API key is referenced as `LITELLM_API_KEY`.
```
